= Javascript Refactoring Demo

== What is this?

This super-simple application is a demo that accompanies my 
<em>7 Steps to Better Javascript</em> talk. The intent is to
walk you step-by-step through 7 Javascript refactorings in 
order to update your <tt>chat.js</tt> from 
<tt>0_original.js</tt> to <tt>7_reuse_with_setup_params.js</tt>.

During my talk I will be explaining how to approach each
refactoring and what its benefits are. The same information is
provided in comments at the top of each refactored javascript
file.

Please note that I used my Web Sockets demo as a starting point
(http://github.com/chrisjpowers/web_sockets_demo), so the
Pusher library is an integral part of this demo as well.

== How do I get started?

I'm working with the understanding that you have your favorite flavor
of Ruby installed and working. Assuming that's true...

Clone this repository:

  $ git clone git://github.com/chrisjpowers/web_sockets_demo.git
  $ cd web_sockets_demo

Make sure Rubygems is up to date and you have Bundler installed:

  $ gem update --system
  $ gem install bundler

Install dependencies with Bundler:

  $ bundle install

Start the server:

  $ ruby server.rb

Check out the demo at http://localhost:4567

== That worked, now what?

Start refactoring! I've laid out seven steps to help get you
moving in the right direction, but it's up to you to decide
the best techniques to use. I guarantee that developers will
think that I've refactored too much, and others will say
that I haven't done enough -- so what do you think?

== Um, a little help?

Just in case you're not familiar with one of these libraries, 
here are some docs:

* Pusher: http://pusherapp.com/docs
* Sinatra: http://www.sinatrarb.com
* HAML: http://haml-lang.com/docs.html
* jQuery: http://docs.jquery.com
* Bundler: http://gembundler.com